Now the next thing we're going to be doing is we're going to be
implementing IAM permissions using the CDK.
So here within this demo,
we'll be configuring permissions so that our lambda function
can call in and get a list of files from S3,
and then to enable it so that users that even don't have an AWS
account can view the contents of those files,
we're going to create signed S3 URLs for use within our API.
So the first thing that we're going to need to do within this clip is
we're going to need to install another package.
And as you might have guessed,
it's going to be AWS IAM because this is what we'll need to configure some
policies that we'll be attaching to our lambda execution role.
Now that this is installed, I'm going to jump over into VS Code.
So here within VS Code, I'm within my lambda function,
and the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to pull in S3
because we're going to be using some of the S3 API functions
to get access into our bucket.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to navigate
down here to my return statement, and I'm actually going to highlight that,
I'm going to remove it, and I'm going to paste in a block of code.
Now I'm going to talk through what we're doing here.
The first thing I want to call out is we're using the S3.listObjects method.
Now note here,
we're actually having it return a promise because we're using
the async and await capabilities of Node.
Now here within this, we're going to get back a list of objects.
We're going to get this back as a value called results,
and then we're going to loop over all of those using the map function,
and we're going to generate a signed URL Now,
we haven't written that function yet; however,
if you notice here, we've wrapped all of this logic with a try catch block.
Here, if things succeed, we should return a 200 status code,
and we're going to return a list of those files using JSON.stringify
within the body value of our return statement.
Now if anything fails, whether it is listing the objects,
generating a signed URL, any of that,
we're going to get a 500 error code that's going to be returned,
and we're going to return to the error message.
Now the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go
here below are getDocuments function,
and we're going to have a function here that we don't export
that's going to generate a signed URL.
So here, we're going to be taking in that bucket name,
we're going to be taking in the key.
Now this gets passed in based on the results of the S3 listObjects command,
and we're going to go through and generate a signed URL,
and then return both the file name and that URL,
so this should be the output of our API is an array
of these file names and URLs.
So now that I have this in place, I'm going to save this.
And if you note here, there's going to be a problem.
If we were to deploy it right now, we would get a failure.
We would see it go and return a 500 status code,
and we would get a error message back saying access denied because our
lambda function doesn't have any access to list objects within our
bucket or to go in and create a signed URL.
So lets navigate over to our API construct.
Now the first thing we need to do, here within our API construct,
is we're going to need to import the AWS IAM package.
Now the next thing we're going to do is we're going to
go here under our lambda function,
and we're going to define two different policies.
So the first one is we're going to call this bucketPermissions,
and this is going to be a new IAM.policy statement.
Now,
what we're going to do with this is we're going to go into bucketPermissions,
and we're going to say that we want to add a resource,
and in this case, we're going to tell it that we want to get the bucket.
And in this case,
we're going to tell it that we want our bucket out of our props object,
and we want to get the bucketArn.
And in this case, we're going to actually specify,
in addition to the ARN,
that we're concerned here with everything that is in the bucket,
as opposed to the bucket itself.
Now the next thing we need to do is we need to then go in and add an action.
And here we're going to add in two different actions.
The first is going to be S3:GetObject, and the next is going to be S3:PutObject,
which is going to be needed to generate those side URLs.
Once we have this in place, we can now go to our lambda function,
and we're going to use a function here that is addToRolePolicy,
and this is going to give our lambda function the ability to do
whatever is specified in the policy that we're passing in.
Now I'm going to copy this, and we're going to paste it again.
So now we need to do the bucketContainerPermissions.
And so here we're going to be looking at the bucket itself,
as opposed to what is actually in the bucket.
Now I'm going to go through and update all of these values,
and in this case, we just need the bucketArn itself,
and for our actions here,
we're going to be concerned with S3 and then ListBucket.
And now you can see we've added these
bucketContainerPermissions into our lambda function as well.
So now if I save,
I should now be able to go to the terminal and deploy the application.
So I'm going to run cdk deploy,
and we should know what's going to happen here, and that is
we should get a warning letting us know that we have made
security‑related changes with IAM.
And here you can see that that has been specified.
We can see for our bucket, we have a ListBucket action,
and for the contents of our bucket,
we have GetObject and PutObject, and that's exactly what we want.
So we're going to say that yes,
we want to deploy these changes. Now that the deployment has completed,
let's navigate over to the browser.
So from here,
I'm going to go into Lambda, and you're going to notice
something here, we now have another lambda function.
So this lambda function is what actually manages
that S3 bucket deployment for us, so we don't have to worry with it.
You'll notice here that it is a Python function.
But in this case,
we're going to click on our Node.js function for our document management API.
And from here, I should be able to just hit Test and run the test event,
and I should be able to expand this and see that this has succeeded.
First of all,
we get back a file name with document1.pdf, and then you can see
we have a pretty long URL that's included here.
So I'm going to see if I can actually scroll down and capture this entire URL.
And in this case, that's going to end right about here.
So if I actually copy this, and then I open a new tab
in the browser, and I paste this in,
I'm going to be able to see the first test document in the list.
Now again,
it's important to note here this bucket is not publicly available, so we
have successfully configured permissions to allow the lambda function to create a signed URL for this document.